feat(account): support ticket severity (#5352)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/account/how-to/open-a-support-ticket.mdx

- **Severity**: select the severity level based on the impact of the issue (see table below).

| **Severity** | **Description**              | **Example**                                                                             |
|--------------|------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **P1**       | Service down                 | Your infrastructure is not working in production, and no workaround is available.       |
| **P2**       | Partial service outage       | Your infrastructure is partly functional but facing critical errors with no workaround. |
| **P3**       | Severely degraded service    | The service is slow or highly degraded, but a temporary workaround is possible.         |

> | **P4**       | Minor incidents              | The service is running with minor issues that don't impact your activity.               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **P4**       | Minor incidents              | The service is running with minor issues that do not impact your activity.               |
```

> | **P5**       | General question or request  | You have a question or need information, but there's no technical issue.                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **P5**       | General question or request  | You have a question or need information, but there is no technical issue.                |
```
